Introduce a way to run tests in parallel (#1171)
openfisca/openfisca-core: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

### 37.0.1 [#1171](https://github.com/openfisca/openfisca-core/pull/1171)

#### Technical changes

> - Introduce a way to run test in parallel.
> - Check `openfisca test --help` for usage instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduce option `--workers` to `openfisca test to run tests in parallel`.
  - Check `openfisca test --help` for usage instructions.
- Add short option `-g` to `openfisca` as a synonym to `--performance-graph`.
```
